Remove extension from repo. (#320)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph-typescript: todo.txt

> Have a wa to sing config.ts between the extension and the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have a way to sync config.ts between the extension and the server.
```
😉

Author: Deleted this file anyway. I must have been falling asleep as I wrote this...

Reviewer: Yeah I figured this was just a placeholder while you were working anyway. 😄
